he's out there whining now about how
people are asking him about his brother
and this it's really sort of shocking
they didn't have a better answer for
this stuff here he is unable to really
handle this question from the University
of Nevada student ivz Drake she's 19
years old
here she is essentially no schooling
schooling Jeb mercy yeah here it is
thereafter coalition of 44,000
my question is
of America
we respectfully
the security range al-qaeda could take
it out there was a fragile system that
could have been brought up to create
sectarian violence when we had an
agreement the president could sign it
would have kept 10,000 forces Master we
have Korea could have created the
stability that will allow for
and that result was the opposite
we can rewrite history all gone
there you go we can rewrite history all
you want of course the next day he
rewrote history himself